Update CPAP and ACS intervention pages with shared propensity value (#1712)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/intervention_models/intrapartum/acs_intervention.rst

  * - PAF
    - see below
    - see below

>     - see the :ref:`CPAP intervention Calibration Strategy <intervention_neonatal_cpap>` for details on how to calculate PAF that is consistent with RR, risk exposure, and facility choice model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - see the :ref:`CPAP intervention Calibration Strategy <intervention_neonatal_cpap>` for details on how to calculate joint PAF for ACS and CPAP on RDS that is consistent with RRs, risk exposures, and the facility choice model.
```

>       No adjustments are needed to the PAF calculation for ACS, as it is the same as the CPAP intervention.

Reviewer 2: I think along with Ali's suggestion above, this line should be removed; we are literally using one PAF for both, not using the same calculation method for each.
